RandomVSRandom Report

1) What is your conclusion, does the first or
second player have some advantage, at least for a random strategy?
When it comes to 2 random robots playing Othello, often the second player will have
an advantage versus the first player. This is due to the second player being able
react to the initial move made by the first player. At most in these simulations
of 2 random computers facing against each other, the distance between their respective
winrates is at most 5%, meaning that being player 2 does not have a significant advantage
over being the first player, but the difference is still noticeable even after a sample
size of over 10000 simulations of the game.

2) Watch https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Iq9DzN6mvYA

3) Briefly write your thoughts on the above video below:
This video was very informative as a statistics and computer science student,
as it showed me how connected these 2 fields are and how both fields benefit
from having the expertise of the other one. The various recipes for hacking
statistics was informative on how various methods of gathering data show
how various factors can cause data to be misconstrued, altered, or generalized.

4) H0 is the null hypothesis, which is a statement about a parameter.
it can come in the form of ==, <=, or >=

5) Ha is the alternate hypothesis, which is a statement that directly
contradicts the null hypothesis, which comes in the form !=, >, or <

6) Choose one of the following and delete the other:
   My experimental results do not support H0, so they support Ha
   my results support Ha, where if P(X) represents the probability
   of player 1 winning and P(O) represents the probability of player
   2 winning, then my alternative hypothesis would be P(X) < P(O). This is
   because after running many tests, the second player would often
   have a higher win rate and thus the probability would be higher.
   But even though there is still a possibility that player 1 and 2 would
   have an even win rate, the chances are incredibly unlikely,
   causing the null hypothesis that they can be equal to be rejected


7) As in the video, use either math or code (add a Java Class) to argue for or against H0
    In a sample size of 100000 simulated games between two computers that
    execute random moves, the win rate of P1 denoted by P(X) and P2 denoted
    by P(O) was 0.45543% and 0.50241% respectively. If we want to estimate the chances
    that P1 and P2 get the same number of wins or more, we can simulate games over a
    large sample space and calculate the probability. the method of how i calculated this
    and the code is in the class RandomReport

References: 
https://www.thoughtco.com/null-hypothesis-vs-alternative-hypothesis-3126413
